Good xxx everyone, I'm Kevin of the PD team
How time flies, this has been the sixth month from the day i became a 	Flyer!(picture)
Yeah, eversince the company meeting, anything related to Flyer, this magic piture and sound followed

Alright!
During these time, Lots of things happened
So in this occation, I want you to follow up with this mileston of mine and Let's start from the day 28th March


3. Getting acquainted with every one is always the first step
Danfeng show me around and meet everyone in office , (but frankly , i forgot next second.) 
Next day i meet someone in the elevator she said goodmorning kevin, "Yeah good morning to you too, i remenber you ,you are
at the connor in front of that window. (It was really awkward since i could read from her face "say it What's my name)
Remembering a person usually with a special event, it is(danmu), those trainings and mettings, So I know all of you in a week
First week of FLYER,So far so good



4.And then, in a thursday night, I have my First meeting with AC team
1. That is the first time i talk to US office, they introduce these products, So many strange words and project code
 but thank god, Dan speaks slowly, which gave me a break.
At first i thought "wow, interesting, so many great products"
But a month later, i couldn't laugh anymore. 

5.
At The 942 First prototype, There were tons of problems, what kind of problem? press the pedal to the end , protection, carefully press the pedal and drive  for 5 meters, protection
Drifting, incline, grass ect... protection X3. So we tried to find out why, we record tones of current data and show them to GB
But they just keep complaining, "you should have told me at the begining, Now the power of 942 is way much bigger than the design spec, i can't do that bla bla, and didn't want to explain why, because you can't understand, too young too simple.
i was furious at that moment, but after calming down i said to myself, and yet he had a point, i didn't. So i do what he said to modify the controller, ask for Danfeng's help and tried to understand all the modification GB done.
At the same time we have tried different conbinations of motor and ratio of gear box, 73:1 so there
are hundreds of document in my folder, in the mean time, the other projects were going at the same time, I almost got crazy.
I wanted to cut myself in half. But the actually we can avoid that if we think in advance, but that is another story.

6.
So when i back to the office Marshell and i had conversation, 2 key points bring me back from the negative mood. 

1. Always set a priority, irrigating the most fertile land you get more fruits, while wasting water on a dry land is
wast of resource, So I use this four quadren principle to clear the huge mess, then, i got this
Which allows me to focus on the main problem and be concentrated with limited mind power

2.It is the emotion that affects you, not people, not things.  Somehow i was enlightened
Don't care about what others think of you, i'm myself
I looked at the wall where the FLYER codes and Mission at
Yes right! If i'm the kid with 942, i'll be totally disappointed by it. What i wanna see the smiles and thrills on their face while driving 942
and that is the priority, i got no time to be upset.
Yes I can, I can solve these problems, I want it to be a gift that every chidren will be crazy about

In order to understand the root cause of those issues, I borrow a book called DC motor control theory from danfeng
It help me understand many unexplainable issues , help me get a deeper 
understand of GB's controller. A good way to understand sth is to experiance it. Base on 942 controller, with this formular	:Book+AD21+KEIL+Danfeng+Marshell=(Room temperature)= RF-36(Video)
Vola, I call it RF-36, although it is not fully functioning now, but it helped me understand motor controller, and solved many 942 issues coming in succession

This, is for building a better mutual understand between vendor and us, for having a overall concept on the module.
Maybe in the coming future, with the systematic technique, battery charging, illumination, sound product and RFID etc, We might be able to have vendors do OEM
and further cost down. who knows.


8-9
Before going home, I would drove 942 in the lab, i have to say that is a great place for drifting
Then I was thinking, will kids be happy when they are driving, how can i  address kinds of problems at EP stage?

People tend to see the surface , but the root cause behind it is the most important. There is a good example ftom the wagon U innovative training
Coca colar gave a offer to a young man James, but he want the offering letter delivered by a drone, yes! It seems not a big due, it is acceptable right?
Just do it! But HR don't know how and it took plenty of time. So why James want that? HR think deepper, yes, he worked hard to enter this company,
James want people around him know that. after figurering out this root cause, HR customised a bottle of cola, send a car with big speaker saying:"
Hey James, congratulations! you are part of coke cola now! Come here and take your offer! Easy peasy! James got what he wants
things can be done in a better way with little bit more thinking

2 weeks ago, it is the FEP of 942, before going to CL, we still have tiny problem regarding to controller...
But ,i have confidence, i don't worry too much, since we have a strong team as well as faith that we will succeed


So much wonderful and great things hapened
First volmite, First time travle to other city for business, I realy enjoy the trip, especially the sunrize, the blue sky, cloud and the night scene, which took away
all the drowsiness and fatigue(Pictures in the flight)
Yeah, 
A new round of chanllenge is coming, we will always remenber that to bring smiles to kids of all age
Let's reach the next milestone of Radio flyer together

Thanks



VISION: We believe that Radio Flyer can be a force of good that anything is possible with creativity & commitment
We will :   Do our part to imagine & build a better world
	Be recognized as one of the best&most loved companies
	Achieve our mission&live our Values

Mission: To bring smiles to kids of all ages and to create warm memories that last a lifetime

Values :  We follow the LITTLE RED RULE: " Every time we touch people's lives, they will feel FUNomenal"
	Because we will live the FLYER code:

	Funatical Customer Service
	Live with integrity
	Yes I can
	Excelence in Everything
	Resposible for Success